#WHY SHOULD YOU CHOOSE ME?
I like learing new skills and building things which have an actual impact on the working of an organisation or a system, build projects which help us in our daily life. I like to look at my creation and adore it everytime I use it. I want to be sincere and hard working towards an objective. I will put all my energy into working for the club. My intrest towards learning and the club's motive work like a lock and key to the door of knowledge. I belive that my journey in the club will be the backbone of what I will be in the coming years. I would like to be with people who encourage learning and guide me through the learning of problem solving. I want to be a part of somthing usefull and respected. I want to be in a group which actually is cool.

#HOW DO I INTEND TO CONTRIBUTE BACK TO THE CLUB?
I will be a great friend to people around me and help them solve problems. I believe spreding knowledge is a great deed. I like to mentor people in the later years to share the knowledge I gained from learning in the club. I am willing to stay up at night to complete the objectives. I am ok with spending my holidays working for the club. I will try my best to fullfill my responsibility in the club.

#MY FIELD OF INTRESTS AND HOW I PLAN ON WORKING ON THEM?
My primary intrest is currently in AI and machine learning. I would like to interact with my mentors and participate in the club to explore web development . But I belive AI would be my primary objective. I will learn from my seniors in the club about the different things in AI. I will take their guidence in learning and implementing the nessesary skills. I will partcipate in hackathons and other events to sharpen my skills. The mentorship is the best part about the club and I surely will make use of it.
